Add prettier config (#19)
OpenZeppelin/code-style: README.md

[eslint](https://eslint.org/), with the rules in
[.eslintrc](.eslintrc) and the plugins:

- eslint-config-standard
- eslint-plugin-standard
- eslint-plugin-import
- eslint-plugin-node
- eslint-plugin-promise
- eslint-plugin-react (only for react projects)

## Prettier

> We use `Prettier` as code formated to keep our code consistent and to reduce friction for reading and review code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use `Prettier` as a code formatter to keep our code consistent and to reduce friction for reading and reviewing code.
```
